0x18-dynamic_libraries/README.md, before:

 library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life
mandatory
Create the dynamic library libdynamic.so containing all the functions listed below:

int _putchar(char c);
int _islower(int c);
int _isalpha(int c);
int _abs(int n);
int _isupper(int c);
int _isdigit(int c);
int _strlen(char *s);
void _puts(char *s);
char *_strcpy(char *dest, char *src);
int _atoi(char *s);
char *_strcat(char *dest, char *src);
char *_strncat(char *dest, char *src, int n);
char *_strncpy(char *dest, char *src, int n);
int _strcmp(char *s1, char *s2);
char *_memset(char *s, char b, unsigned int n);
char *_memcpy(char *dest, char *src, unsigned int n);
char *_strchr(char *s, char c);
unsigned int _strspn(char *s, char *accept);
char *_strpbrk(char *s, char *accept);
char *_strstr(char *haystack, char *needle);
If you haven’t coded all of the above functions create empty ones, with the right prototype.
Don’t forget to push your main.h file in your repository, containing at least all the prototypes of the above functions.

Commit message:

Create bash script that creates a shared library

0x18-dynamic_libraries/README.md, after:

0. library is not a luxury but one of the necessities of life
mandatory
Create the dynamic library libdynamic.so containing all the functions listed below:

int _putchar(char c);
int _islower(int c);
int _isalpha(int c);
int _abs(int n);
int _isupper(int c);
int _isdigit(int c);
int _strlen(char *s);
void _puts(char *s);
char *_strcpy(char *dest, char *src);
int _atoi(char *s);
char *_strcat(char *dest, char *src);
char *_strncat(char *dest, char *src, int n);
char *_strncpy(char *dest, char *src, int n);
int _strcmp(char *s1, char *s2);
char *_memset(char *s, char b, unsigned int n);
char *_memcpy(char *dest, char *src, unsigned int n);
char *_strchr(char *s, char c);
unsigned int _strspn(char *s, char *accept);
char *_strpbrk(char *s, char *accept);
char *_strstr(char *haystack, char *needle);
If you haven’t coded all of the above functions create empty ones, with the right prototype.
Don’t forget to push your main.h file in your repository, containing at least all the prototypes of the above functions.


1. Without libraries what have we? We have no past and no future
mandatory
Create a script that creates a dynamic library called liball.so from all the .c files that are in the current directory.
